Requirement 1
it should allow users to move disks between three towers with only one disk being movable at a time
assumption - users can select and drag a disk to another tower and only one disk will be active at a time
Example : a user clicks on a disk. the user then clicks on another tower to move it.

Requirement 2
it should enforce the rule that a larger disk cannot be placed on top of a smaller disk
assumption - the app will prevent users from making invalid moves where a larger disk is placed on a smaller one
Example : a user tries to move a larger disk on top of a smaller disk. the move does not happen and the app does nothing.

Requirement 3
it should display the three towers and disks in a visually clear way to show the order and size of the disks
assumption - users will easily distinguish between different disk sizes and see their arrangement on the towers
Example : users see three towers with disks stacked clearly. the disks are colored differently to show size.

Requirement 4
it should allow users to move disks by dragging them with the mouse or tapping on them for mobile
assumption - users will interact with the disks through both dragging and tapping for smooth gameplay
Example : a user drags a disk with a mouse to another tower. the disk moves smoothly to the new location.

Requirement 5
it should highlight which disk is currently selected for movement
assumption - the app will visually highlight the selected disk to ensure users know which one is active
Example : when a disk is clicked, it changes color or style. the user knows this disk is ready to move.

Requirement 6
it should give visual feedback when users attempt to make an invalid move
assumption - invalid moves will trigger feedback such as a visual indicator to inform the user
Example : a user attempts an invalid move. the app shows an error message or a red flash to indicate the mistake.

Requirement 7
it should track the number of moves a user makes and display this count on the screen
assumption - users will see how many moves they have made which can encourage strategic planning
Example : as users move disks, a counter updates. users see the number of moves increase.

Requirement 8
it should allow users to reset the puzzle and return the disks to their original positions
assumption - a reset button will clear all moves and reset the disks to their starting tower
Example : users click a reset button. all disks return to the first tower and the move counter resets.

Requirement 9
it should have an option to show a solution or give hints for solving the puzzle in fewer moves
assumption - users will have the option to view a hint or the optimal solution when they are stuck
Example : users click a hint button. the app shows the next best move to help users.

Requirement 10
it should include different levels of difficulty with varying numbers of disks to increase challenge
assumption - users will be able to choose difficulty levels based on the number of disks they want to solve with
Example : users select "easy" mode. the game sets up with fewer disks for a simpler challenge.

Requirement 11
it should track the minimum possible moves for the current puzzle and display it for comparison
assumption - users will see the minimum number of moves required which will motivate them to aim for fewer moves
Example : after the puzzle starts, users see the minimum move count displayed. this helps them strategize.

Requirement 12
it should have an option for users to change the appearance of the towers and disks such as color or theme
assumption - users can customize the visual look of the game to enhance their experience
Example : users go to settings. they change the tower color and see a new theme applied.
